can
200 rubles 200 rubles and the card in hand
with 120 rubles already in the account
this money can be paid in
city ​​buses as assured
passenger convoy staff
This payment method will be more profitable and
more convenient because the rise in price which will be in
May 30 of this year, cardholders do not
touches the main advantages of the card
arrow
this is a system of discounts that is for 30
days fare by map
reduced from 28 rubles to 18 that is
the first 10 trips a passenger makes in
28 rubles from 11 to 21 for 26 and so on
here would be 18 rubles 28 rubles to 18 than
more passenger will enjoy
card the cheaper the price decreases after
a dozen trips in a month like
only 30 calendar days pass
discounts are zero fare
again 28 rubles and it goes down again
as travel accumulates
but it's only on the map from june directions to
private will cost 40 rubles in the city
the same amount and the difference
long distance
Pushkin travel on a personal will cost
62 rubles with a card arrow passengers
will pay 50 or less
his children they will change to an arrow
25th day
can document prepared and pension
and a certificate from the student's split
I, too, hearts if adults will
pay 28 rubles for the fare then the children and
students as well as beneficiaries twice
less than 14 of their cards of a different color
can also be purchased but for this
You need a passport or a certificate of
birth document confirming the right
on the rebate for example a certificate from the school
student travel agencies
which cost 506 rubles and acted
during the calendar month they are not
canceled they act can be
Now let this summer begin
vacation period period can be
parents will find that the student will
drive cheaper on the map arrow
sold arrows in several
points at bus stations children's Pushkin
Red Army
for citizens there is then our card
student city and suburban
countryside and the map we still
hunters also arrow sold in
Euroset salons in the third themselves
buses at the drivers and conductors Zoya
Evdokimova bus conductor number 22
daily sells cards i place
so as not to bruise that you are a normal view
a dozen lies today
and notices their popularity is growing daily
breaks more than 50 cards which means more than
one and a half thousand rubles during the day
passengers paid for travel is
cashless through cards to very popovich
something
c don't you think you have
they are always discounted
Daria use maps and arrow already 3
months and ride in city buses not
every day but still notices
the difference
monthly savings of more than 100 rubles
the only negative
The card is usually broken through from the first
times we trample on children's tableware
payment we are waiting for the signal
here she goes astray again 28 rubles
the passage went
due to malfunctions with the cards the conductor asks
passengers just in case have
there is money and one more minus is impossible
use the card for several
man after passage
paid card is blocked for more
than 10 minutes besides there is a limit
day travel card user can
pay no more than eight drives
a passenger arrives who does not work
cards we offer them so they bought
us cards with zero balance that is they
buy cards but take us a card on
exchange here it afloat wenge
and then the carcass cards on the secret with this
card interface money same to new
card card shooter can pay
and the train fare is true
Is there a system of discounts is still unknown
you can see the balance and replenish it
through the site map arrow.
rf maximum amount of 3000 rubles
money does not burn at the expiration of the month and
even if the holder has decided to close the card
he can write a statement and translate
them to your personal account people
registered before purchasing this
card for registering in personal
office he will be able to see
balance your cards and travels made
on this map with time
making a trip and a place from where
this trip was made that is
It can be very convenient for
parents who purchase a card
arrow for their school children
students, that is, a parent will be able to
using a personal account to control
and why do I need everything in order and Zion and
pensioners in general, as shown by our survey
pensioners this card is not profitable and it
it is clear because the discount cards will continue
act but in may 30 will cease
sell monthly passes for 45
trips and 65 trips
which means passengers regularly
using city vehicles
not to pay cash on
new expressive tariffs will have to search
replacement and map arrow this replacement
provides today by
data convoy map arrow
purchased three and a half thousand
passengers
this is only one tenth of the inhabitants
using the city ​​bus